Give this card to Green player and take a chancecard again. Green, on your next turn drive really fast to the next available field and buy it. If there aren't any available fields buy one from another player.
Move to START. Receive 2 m.
Move up to 5 fields forward.
FREE FIELD: move forward to an orange field. If it's available you get it for FREE! else you have to pay rent to the owner.
Move one field forward or take another chancecard.
Give this card to Blue player and take one more chancecard. Blue player: on your next turn you must sail to whatever next available field and buy it. If there aren't any available fields left, you must buy one from another player.
You have ate too much candy. Pay 2m to the bank.
FREE FIELD: move toward either an orange or green field. If it's available you get it for free else you have to PAY rent to the owner.
FREE FIELD: Move towards a light blue field. If it's available you get it for free else you have to PAY rent to the owner.
You are free without any costs. Keep this card until you need it.
Move to The beach boardwalk.
Give this card to Red player and take another chancecard. Red player: on your next turn you must sneak towards the next available field and buy it. If there aren't any available fields you must buy one from another player.
Give this card to Black player and take another chancecard. Black player: on your next turn you must sneak towards the next available field and buy it. If there aren't any available fields you must buy one from another player.
It's your birthday! Everyone must give you 1m. CONGRATULATIONS!
FREE FIELD: move towards either a pink or dark blue field. If it's available you get it for FREE! else you must PAY rent to the owner.
You've made all of your homework! RECEIVE 2m. from the bank.
FREE FIELD: move towards a red field. If it's available you get it for FREE! else you must PAY rent to the owner.
FREE FIELD: move to The skatepark to make the perfect grind. If no one owns it you get it for FREE! else you have to PAY rent to the owner.
FREE FIELD: move towards either a lightblue or red field. If it's available you get it for FREE! else you must PAY rent to the owner.
FREE FIELD: move towards either a brown or yellow field. If it's available you get it for FREE! else you must PAY rent to the owner.